.ig \"-*- Siege -*-
Copyright (C) 2002 Jeffrey Fulmer

Siege is distibuted under the terms of the GNU GPL.

..
.de TQ
.br
.ns
.TP \\$1
..
.\" Like TP, but if specified indent is more than half
.\" the current line-length - indent, use the default indent.
.de Tp
.ie \\n(.$=0:((0\\$1)*2u>(\\n(.lu-\\n(.iu)) .TP
.el .TP "\\$1"
..
.TH URLS.TXT 1 "22 MAY 2002" "Siege v2.53"
.SH CONFIGURATION FILE
.B urls.txt
\- URL database for regression testing
.SH INTRODUCTION
.LP
The urls.txt file is installed by default in SIEGE_HOME/etc/urls.txt.  When siege is invoked without the -u/--url option, then by default it looks for urls in that file.  The advantage of using the urls.txt file is two-fold: One, it frees you of the process of retyping a url with every invocation.  Two, it allows you to perform full site regression testing.

When the urls.txt file is used, siege reads all the urls in that file into memory and runs through the list in one of two ways, sequentially or randomly. The default run is sequential from start to finish and back again until the --reps or the --time option has been satisfied.  With the -i/--internet option selected, siege runs through the file randomly simulating the stress applied by a community of internet users. \fR
.br
 \fR
The -f/--file option allows you to select a file other then the default urls.txt file. \fR
.br

.SH EXAMPLE FILE
This is an exmple urls.txt file.  Lines beginning with a hash (#) are comments and ignored by siege.\fR
.br
 \fR
.br
# \fR
.br
# Example urls.txt file \fR
.br
# URLs database for siege\fR
.br
# \fR
.br
http://www.haha.com/index.html \fR
.br
http://www.haha.com/howto/index.html \fR
.br
http://www.haha.com/cgi-bin/howto/display.cgi?1013\fR
.br
www.haha.com/cgi-bin/fm.cgi?first=j.&last=fulmer \fR
.br
https://www.haha.com/index.shtml\fR
.br
https://www.whoohoo.com/my_whoohoo.jsp\fR
.br
# POST data requires a POST directive\fR
.br
www.haha.com/cgi-bin/foo.cgi POST first=bart&last=simpson\fR
.br
www.haha.com/hoho.jsp POST name=jeff&pass=secret\fR
.br
# POST the contents of a file using the\fR
.br
# line input character "<"\fR
.br
http://www.haha.com/my.jsp POST </home/jeff/data.txt \fR
.br


.SH AUTHOR
Jeffrey Fulmer <jdfulmer@armstrong.com>
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to jdfulmer@armstrong.com.
Give a detailed description of the problem
and report the version of siege that
you are using.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2000 2001 Jeffrey Fulmer
.LP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any lat
er version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
 warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more det
ails.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Fr
ee Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.LP
.SH AVAILABILITY
The most recent released version of siege is available by
anonymous ftp from ftp.armstrong.com in the directory pub/siege.
.LP
.SH SEE ALSO
siege(1) siege.config(1) layingsiege(1)
